on
so should there be a new one with my parents just around the corner
percent
It may take some time now with my videos from me that was just because
that I was gone
to be precise, I was on a school trip
and I'm back now
it could be that maybe I'm still a bit tired blade
because we did not sleep much in time
but to
I thought I would do it with a video
Percent I finally got around in laptops I do not know exactly where tranny lies
Probably because I mean% in the program May antivirus program
let go
"He's a bit problematic and in the market for me
when system check
definitely
Today I want to present you another intervention times and in
Eppstein 2 present
and go
m um
sharper from the place
Dr
causes that you can easily meet a finished house, so to speak
unable to say it is a few times how it works
So I've got some materials we needed
now also process the same time
so the mistress is more
at a workshop Enschede
so
then one
Wikileaks
tour
why and also as in itself
then we need
Herbert disturbances with it they would not be able to make a Hofen
No
and then you would need to make eighth Manchester Stix
we need
a couple of facts
and last but not least, we need a dat which also makes it fast
Set Zach
how come
it will be a night light is not after a short cards then it works
Immediately to bed hair
those who skipped to Celle and then I want to say it's direct
continue
So they had made the bed
so the need now more than first to make apartment building
There are two steps to go, even to say an equipment box
that is what it means there then the house must remain
and there are two versions of the equipment Sparks Amendinger especially the
which I show now he needs wood Moritz Volz
Dan percent box
Waiblingen
President Havel
then a yard
a Fatah
and a piece of wood the ethical lousy tour Paszek from Potsdam
there is one more
m the lüxem you could without i might expect the 0 2 mini
old show though then no need to be able to
It works so that you just get to the place where he and the wood are
a cake itself
and you already have the percentage Lück's house Pope
more fathers of the tire is first
so on and on we go
Above I think I can only marvel, I'm not sure
then we need two parts Blotz here
the box in the middle and the wood outwards exactly
and already NBC have chaos
Son that place now the same time
and off
there unsightly scenes and
Amano blow up and we already have a house
with sheer
Amberg in Velen sportiest and bed
Here we still have von Freis as those of the cake standing in the Lyxor else
does not change at the Lexus percent
I know what to build theme immediately
we can see is is not looking too ugly now
when it got quite good
there has also torches in it so synonymous after the lighting or may
around
no idea
so mang is going to break down now percent I would have to go here this is just again
dismantle
what am I not doing right now?
because the starting-off of the last one eighth that his an intervention
I do not want to have it crashed during the recording
police so fast that the leaks out
He simply needs the same equipment and has another cake
to
I'll do that quickly with the
to Minirenten Sword exactly in cake
and now we're going to score here Sal
he tells Zack Zack Zack Zack
Guests
Working band stands
from which
so profane Geneva percent
Coworking source protection Spectrograph for forgotten Hunsmann so
no matter now
around the bed councils
Now test Nordholz and the Romanians
Now she wants to take her cottage ComCom tutte cake
or not
moment
every cow early years up
he had the luck exits
never again
and put glass glass here in the afternoon
Charles Donkor solution he will get it
and twice wood and already we have the royal house
so we cook the place should be a prank on me because I'm not quite
sure but just try it
and day and already we have sown the house it looks exactly like the house
before
the only difference is that many have cakes
he was really useless
we can only look outside for a moment
or away from bites
everything has really happened
almost nothing changed at the houses that's them
and yes then I want to say what it again with this video
I had liked Klose as always
and here again not more videos came from me again said now
there
however I will be in
but so are those who start with us soon
to be exact
the week after next
also be on the way I do not know exactly when but has fit me for two weeks way
because of course because he does not get any videos from me
through the thick understand that
and then I would say see us im
next video
probably there will be one more or maybe two
around
Give Marchetto Elz
Bulletstorm a powerhouse
and then there'll be Lewalter too or maybe
I am not sure what I will do now
In any case, then until the next day I have it far too much
But bye bye Vlotho Job